[IMP] Manufacturing: Shop Floor prioritization (#10786)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/shop_floor/shop_floor_overview.rst

.. image:: shop_floor_overview/operator-panel.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The operator panel of the Shop Floor module, showing three employees signed in.

MO/WO prioritization
====================

> The Shop Floor module uses the *scheduled date* entered on |MOs| to prioritize the |MOs| and work

Reviewer: totally a suggestion since we bold app names but shop floor isn't an app. Not really sure what to do here haha
```suggestion
The **Shop Floor** module uses the *scheduled date* entered on |MOs| to prioritize the |MOs| and work
```

orders that appear on the module's dashboard and work center pages. |MOs| and work orders scheduled
sooner are more highly prioritized, and appear before orders which are scheduled further out.

To specify the scheduled date on an |MO|, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing app

> --> Operations -> Manufacturing Orders`, and click :guilabel:`New` to create a new |MO|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, and click :guilabel:`New` to create a new |MO|.
```

--> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, and click :guilabel:`New` to create a new |MO|.

Click on the :guilabel:`Scheduled Date` field to open a calendar popover window. By default, the

> :guilabel:`Scheduled Date` field and its corresponding pop-up window show the current date and time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Scheduled Date` field, and its corresponding pop-up window, show the current date and time.
```

> :guilabel:`Scheduled Date` field and its corresponding pop-up window show the current date and time
> of day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Scheduled Date` field and its corresponding pop-up window show the current date and time.
```

> Use the calendar to select the date on which processing should begin for the |MO|. In the two fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the calendar to select the date for when the manufacturing process begins. In the two fields
```

> at the bottom of the popover window, enter the *hour* and *minute* at which processing should begin,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
at the bottom of the popover window, enter the hour and minute at which processing should begin,
```

using the 24-hour clock format.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Apply` at the bottom of the popover window to set the date and time for
the :guilabel:`Scheduled Date` field. Then, click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button at the top of the
|MO| to confirm it.

> Once the |MO| is confirmed, it appears in the *Shop Floor* module, as long is it has the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the |MO| is confirmed, it appears in the **Shop Floor** module, as long is it has the
```

> :guilabel:`Ready` status, which means that all components are available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Ready` status, which means all components are available.
```

On the Odoo dashboard, click on the :menuselection:`Shop Floor` module to open it. The

> :guilabel:`All MO #` page of the dashboard displays :guilabel:`Ready` |MOs|, organized in order of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`All MO #` page of the dashboard displays *Ready* |MOs|, organized in order of
```

their scheduled dates.

At the top of the module, select a work center to see the work orders assigned to it. The page for

> each work center organizes work orders based on the scheduled dates of their corresponding |MOs|.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
each work center organizes work orders, based on the scheduled dates of their corresponding |MOs|.
```

.. example::
   Three |MOs| are confirmed for a *Bookcase* product:

   - WH/MO/00411 has a :guilabel:`Scheduled Date` of August 16th.
   - WH/MO/00412 has a :guilabel:`Scheduled Date` of August 20th.
   - WH/MO/00413 has a :guilabel:`Scheduled Date` of August 18th.

>    On the :guilabel:`All MO #` page of the :menuselection:`Shop Floor` module, the cards for each

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   On the :guilabel:`All MO #` page of the **Shop Floor** module, the cards for each
```
opting for module bolding format because the user at this point (presumably) is already in the module
